Add qt6-base split to packaging-changes.md (#639)
getsolus/help-center-docs: docs/packaging/packaging-changes.md

## 2025

### June

> #### gui and private headers are splitted out from `qt6-base`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### gui and private headers have been split out from `qt6-base`
```
